                           Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384
                                Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

                       Games and Economic Behavior

                        journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/geb

Ambiguity and informativeness of (non-)trading 

Yinxiao Chu

School of Economics, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, 1037 Luoyu Road, Wuhan, 430074, Hubei, China

ARTICLE INFO           ABSTRACT

JEL classification:    We study a sequential trading mechanism with ambiguity-averse agents modeled by multiple prior
D81                    preferences. Informed traders generally mix between trading and non-trading, and their trading
D82                    probability decreases with ambiguity. If agents are sufficiently ambiguous, informed traders do not
D83                    trade, and only noise traders place orders; trading becomes uninformative. When signal accuracy
G14                    is ambiguous, trading can make public beliefs more ambiguous over time, which leads to social
                       learning failures in the long run. Moreover, since informed traders may not trade, no-trade can
Keywords:              also be informative when signal accuracy is asymmetric. Even with continuous action spaces,
Ambiguity aversion     sufficiently high ambiguity stops social learning.
Sequential trading
Adverse selection
Informational cascade

1. Introduction

    Uncertainty pervades the financial markets and significantly shapes them. Natural disasters, economic instability, or political
tensions expose traders to uncertainty. Trading volume and market information efficiency decrease when uncertainty increases. For
example, asset price volatility and illiquidity spiked when Covid-19 hit (Just and Echaust, 2020; Baig et al., 2021) and when hurricane
Sandy struck New York (Rehse et al., 2019). Investors seek safe assets and withdraw from the markets, which causes spreads to
widen between risky and safe assets during crises such as the 1997-1998 crisis (Scholes, 2000) and the sub-prime mortgage crisis
(Brunnermeier, 2009; Easley and O'Hara, 2010).

    To study the effect of uncertainty on the financial market, it is useful to distinguish two types of uncertainty: risk and ambiguity.
Risk refers to situations where agents know the distribution of uncertain outcomes, while ambiguity refers to situations where agents
have no precise knowledge about the distribution of outcomes. The celebrated thought experiments of Ellsberg (1961) show that
subjective expected utility (SEU) theory may not explain agents' behavior under ambiguity.

    In this paper, we investigate how ambiguity affects asset trading and information efficiency. Our models are built upon a trading
mechanism similar to that of Glosten and Milgrom (1985), where noise traders trade inelastically and randomly, informed traders trade
rationally based on their private signals, and a market maker posts break-even prices based on public beliefs. Trading is sequential,
with traders arriving at the market in an exogenous order. Both informed traders and the market maker have multiple prior preferences
(Gilboa and Schmeidler, 1989; Casadesus-Masanell et al., 2000), capturing their aversion to ambiguity.

    Our baseline model shows that ambiguity affects asset trading and information efficiency in different ways depending on its
degree. To understand the main intuition, we compare three scenarios: low ambiguity, moderate ambiguity, and high ambiguity. In

  This paper is revised from the second chapter of my Ph.D. dissertation. I am greatly indebted to Jan Werner and David Rahman for their advising and discussion.
I also thank Aldo Rustichini, Hengjie Ai, and seminar participants at the University of Minnesota, the University of International Business and Economics, and PBC
School of Finance at Tsinghua University. I have no conflict of interest to declare.

     E-mail address: chuyinxiao@gmail.com.

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.geb.2024.10.001
Received 11 April 2022

Available online 9 October 2024
0899-8256/© 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
Y. Chu  Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

each scenario, we examine how a good signal influences an informed trader's decision to buy the asset and how the market maker
sets the ask price.

    In the low ambiguity scenario, an informed trader is certain to buy an asset if she receives a good signal. It ensures that buy
orders reflect a high likelihood of the trader receiving a good signal, and the market maker posts a high ask price to counter the high
likelihood of losses from informed traders. However, because the ambiguity is low, the informed trader's reservation prices to buy,
i.e., the worst valuation of the asset, remain higher than the ask price. This scenario is akin to the classical sequential trading model
with no ambiguity.

    Under moderate ambiguity, an informed trader mixes between trading and non-trading. Suppose that, as in the low ambiguity
scenario, the market maker posts an ask price below an informed trader's reservation price, and the trader buys the asset surely after
seeing a good signal. However, this cannot be an equilibrium because it would lead to losses for the market maker. As ambiguity rises
from low to moderate, the ambiguity-averse informed trader's reservation price decreases. And the fact that the ask price being even
lower than the trader's reservation price implies the market maker's expected losses from trading with the informed trader would be
too high after a good signal.

    To prevent these losses, the market maker must raise the ask price. But setting the ask price strictly higher than the informed
trader's reservation price does not work, either, in this scenario. The informed trader would never buy the asset even after seeing a
good signal, and the high ask price leads to a strict positive profit per trade from only noise traders; however, competition pressures
would push down the ask price. Thus, the only solution is for the market maker to set the ask price at the reservation price in this
scenario, while the informed trader mixes between buying and non-trading after seeing a good signal. This mixed strategy allows the
market maker to break even. As ambiguity increases, the informed trader trades less often to reflect the higher perceived cost.

    When ambiguity reaches a high level, informed traders stop trading. In this scenario, the market maker cannot elicit informed
traders to trade by setting appropriate prices. The lowest ask price it can set is the break-even price if only noise traders buy. But if
an informed trader is very uncertain about the asset value, her worst evaluation can be lower than this price; so they would not buy.
This leads to a failure of information aggregation in the market: All informed traders choose not to trade regardless of their signals.
No private information is revealed in the market, and social learning gets trapped.

    Then, we consider several extensions of the baseline model. First, we assume private signals have ambiguous accuracy. Informed
traders' activities partially reveal these signals. Consequently, ambiguity will grow in the public beliefs, and trading tends to be
noninformative in the long run. Second, we assume private signals are asymmetrically accurate: a bad signal is less informative than
a good one. Informed traders trade less often with a bad signal than a good signal. This implies that no-trade is bad news: when no
one trades in the market, it is more likely due to a bad signal than a good one. The asset price will decrease accordingly. Third, we
show that the social learning failure result holds even if traders have continuous action spaces.

    There is a large strand of literature that examine the effect of ambiguity aversion in the financial market, and our work also
contributes to it. Ambiguity aversion influences traders' willingness to trade and can cause portfolio inertia or no-trade (Dow and
da Costa Werlang, 1992). This can result in price indeterminacy (Epstein and Wang, 1994), under-diversification (Maccheroni et al.,
2013), market incompleteness (Mukerji and Tallon, 2001), low liquidity (Ozsoylev and Werner, 2011), and excess volatility (Illeditsch,
2011). Furthermore, ambiguity aversion has been proposed as a possible solution to the equity premium puzzle (Chen and Epstein,
2002; Trojani and Vanini, 2002; Ju and Miao, 2012). For comprehensive insights into the influence of ambiguity on trading decisions
and market dynamics, Epstein and Schneider (2010) and Guidolin and Rinaldi (2012) provide thorough overviews.

    This paper studies how ambiguity affects the trading behavior of ambiguity-averse traders in a sequential trading mechanism
and finds several novel results. We show that ambiguity-averse traders trade less when there is more ambiguity; this can lead to
social learning and information aggregation failures, even with endogenous prices and continuous actions. Chari and Kehoe (2004)
summarize the literature and point out that informational cascade results (Bikhchandani et al., 1992; Banerjee, 1992) are subject to
price critique and continuous investment critique. That is, these failures disappear if prices are endogenous (Avery and Zemsky, 1998) or
investment decisions are continuous (Lee, 1993). In the literature, there are attempts to overturn one or both critiques by introducing
endogenous timing (Chari and Kehoe, 2004), transaction costs (Lee, 1998), exogenous gains and loss from trade (Cipriani and Guarino,
2008), and risk-averse traders (Decamps and Lovo, 2006). Our paper is unique in considering ambiguity aversion as a source of these
failures, which can overcome both critiques.

    Our results also contribute to the literature in market microstructure. We find ambiguity-averse traders generally mix between
trading and non-trading, which echoes the findings of de Meyer and Saley (2003). However, we consider that informed traders'
randomizing between trading and non-trading emerges under ambiguity aversion1 and show that, consequently, ambiguity aversion
can be an explanation for informativeness of no-trade. Moreover, our study goes beyond the classical microstructure literature, such
as Glosten and Milgrom (1985) and Kyle (1985), which typically focuses on how prices eventually aggregate and reveal private
information. Instead, our results suggest that the opposite could happen if traders exhibit ambiguity aversion.2

    Another contribution of our paper is to study belief updating and price adjustment with ambiguity-averse agents. This distinguishes
our paper from other studies on the effect of ambiguity. For example, Easley and O'Hara (2010) use Bewley's (2002) model of

  1 There is a strand of literature discussing how randomization interacts with ambiguity. As noted by some authors (Raiffa, 1961; Kuzmics, 2017), randomization
can eliminate the effect of ambiguity if agents evaluate buy and sell orders with the same belief in their belief set. However, in our model, agents evaluate buy and
sell orders with different worst case beliefs, where randomization cannot eliminate the effect of ambiguity (Saito, 2015; Oechssler and Roomets, 2015; Ke and Zhang,
2020). Instead, informed traders randomize since the market make post prices make them indifferent between trading and non-trading in equilibrium.

  2 Ford et al. (2013) and Dong et al. (2010) also explore the effect of ambiguity in the sequential trading models and find herding behaviors emerge in equilibrium.
However, their notion of herding follows from Avery and Zemsky (1998), which does not prevent social learning and information aggregation in the long run.

                                                                                                            368
Y. Chu                                                                                                        Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

ambiguity aversion to study how ambiguity leads to a market freeze. However, their analysis is limited to a one-shot trading situation,
while our paper shows that social learning failure can persist over time and that learning with ambiguous signal accuracy results in
long-term information aggregation failure. Furthermore, Condie and Ganguli (2011; 2017) consider the effect of ambiguity-aversion
in a rational expectation equilibrium and find results similar to ours, such as the revelation of private information through no-trade.
They show that ambiguity-averse traders' demand remains unchanged with certain private information, leading to only partially
revealing prices in the absence of noise traders. In contrast, our study emphasizes the informativeness of no-trade, highlighting that
market prices can adjust even when no trading activity occurs.

    Our results are supported by empirical evidence in the literature. Dimmock et al. (2016a) and Dimmock et al. (2016b) finds
that ambiguity averse agents reduce stock market participation, especially during the financial crisis. Kostopoulos et al. (2022) and
Ben-Rephael and Izhakian (2020) find that ambiguity reduces trading and exposure to uncertain assets using individual and firm-
level data. They also find that ambiguity increases book-depth and lowers price impact, consistent with our model predictions. Some
studies, e.g., Hong and Li (2018) and Gao et al. (2022), find that insiders' non-activity reveals their private information in an uncertain
environment. Our results of informativeness of no-trade can explain these findings.

    The paper is organized as follows. Section 2 describes the baseline model and fully characterizes the equilibrium. Then, Section 3
considers several extensions of the baseline model. We first provide a general model in Section 3.1, based on which we show that (i)
the market tends to an informational cascade if private signals are ambiguous in Section 3.2 and that (ii) no-trade can be informative
when signals are symmetric in Section 3.3. Section 3.4 extends the baseline model with continuous action spaces. Finally, Section 4
concludes. All the proofs are collected in Appendix.

2. The baseline model

2.1. Model set-up

We start by describing the baseline model. There are three types of agents, a market maker, informed traders, and noise traders,

in the model. Time is discrete and denoted by  = 1, 2, ... ,  with   . There is an asset with an uncertain payoff   {0, 1}, which

is not publicly observable until period  .

    In each period , the market maker first posts an ask price  and a bid price . Then either an informed trader or a noise trader
arrives with probability   (0, 1) or 1 - , respectively. Each trader can either buy or sell one unit of the asset or choose not to trade.3

A trader's order is recorded as   {-1, 0, 1}, whereas  = -1 stands for a sell order,  = 0 for not to trade, and  = 1 for a buy
order. Each trader can trade only once and leave the market forever. Noise traders are assumed to trade for exogenous reasons with

inelastic demand. Their actions are randomly chosen with equal probabilities.

    The public history or,  simply, history  }-=o11b. servdaebnleotteosatlhl ethseetaogfeanltlsphoasssilbelneghthisto-ri1esanwditcholnetnaginths  the sequence of prices { ,  }-=11
and orders { }-=11, i.e.,         {                                                                                                                - 1, and as a convention, history

                             =  ,  , 

with length 0 is an empty set, i.e., 1 = .

A public belief about the uncertain asset payoff can be summarized by  = Pr( = 1|)  [0, 1] in each period . Agents can be

ambiguous about the asset payoff: there can be uncertainty in their beliefs. Instead of assuming that they have a unique public belief,

they have a common set ()  [0, 1], or simply , of beliefs after history . We assume that  is closed and convex, and let

[ = m]in  and  = max  be its lower and upper bounds, respectively. Then the set  of public beliefs can be written as an interval
 ,  .

    Both the market maker and informed traders are risk-neutral. However, they are ambiguity-averse, and their preferences are

represented by m[axmin expected u]tility. To set ask[and bid prices in p]eriod , the market maker wants to maximize the min-expected
profits, min  ( - ){=1}| and min  ( - ){=-1}| , respectively. However, we assume that the market maker can
only earn zero profit for each trade because of competition pressure in the background, as similarly argued by Glosten and Milgrom

(ttfior1ra9ssdt8ee5to.)naS.esuCkpboppynrosisscieedetetstirhnnatgoht aaltethpsetsrhifitechrerasetna2orneseutcws[heot|sthmaa,natrak s=ekt1pm[]r,ai|cwkeeh,res1rew=soh1ot]hh<aaatvrg2e 1m<t>haex1s.aTm[hee| [iBne,f|ortrrm,=ana1dt=]io.c1nTo]mh;aenopndtehttfeihatriecwoesniestcehleoetanhdsdeasymmtowearozpkeuoerltotdemnpmtraiaoakkfileetrtraicanadlnoeesrqussu.nfirdBlioeobmrtrchiuuahtmbatuhvinyee
period , satisfying

          =  max     [        =   ]    .                                                                                                          (2.1)
          =           |,      =  1,                                                                                                               (2.2)
                     [
                      |,            ]
             min                 -1

              

Let  = (, )=1 denote a pricing rule of the market maker.
    Without ambiguity, zero profit conditions result in that the ask and bid prices are the expected value of the asset conditional on

a buy order and a sell order, respectively, in period . However, these conditions are slightly modified under ambiguity; ask and bid
prices rely on different beliefs. The intuition is that, because of uncertainty aversion, when there is a buy order, the market maker

3 To clarify, "buy" and "sell" orders are defined from a trader's perspective.
                                                                                                         369
Y. Chu                                                                                                                               Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

wants to sell the asset at the highest conditional expected value, and, when there is a sell order, the market maker wants to buy the

asset at the lowest conditional expected value.
    The informed trader who meets the market maker in period  receives a conditionally independent private signal   {0, 1}. In the

baseline model, we assume that the conditional probabilities of private signals are as follows:

        Pr( = 1| = 1) = Pr( = 0| = 0) =   (12, 1).                                                                                                                           (2.3)

We simply refer  = 1 a good signal and  = 0 a bad signal. The parameter  captures the signal accuracy, and the assumption
that  > 12 implies that signals are sufficiently informative. Observing a good signal indicates a higher conditional probability of a

valuable asset. Moreover, the assumption also states that the accuracy of private signals is unambiguous and symmetric.

Observing new information, agents update the set of prior beliefs in a full Bayesian way (Pires, 2002; Epstein and Schneider,

2003); that is, all the beliefs in the set of prior beliefs are updated by Bayes rule. Given a closed and convex set  of public beliefs,
let () denote the updated belief given prior belief    for an informed trader observing private signal . Particularly,

        ( 1)  =         +  (1         -  ) ,
                               - )(1

        ( 0)  =  (1      (1 - )       )   ,
                        - ) + (1 -

for any belief   . The set of the informed trader's posterior beliefs, (), in period , is obtained via Bayes rule in a prior-by-prior
manner, i.e.,

                 {                   }
        () = ()|    .

              (  )                                                                     min ()                   (  )       max ()       (  ) .              ( )       [  (), ()  ]
                                                                                                                
Note    that        is  strictly  increasing   in   ;       hence,  we  have   that            =                      and            =          Therefore,         =                .

    The informed trader chooses a mixed strategy    × +2 ×   , where  = (, ) with  and  being the probabilities
of buying and selling, respectively.4 Denote  the set of all the possible trading strategies of the informed trader in period . The
informed trader chooses her trading strategy    to maximize her min-expected profit,

        min         [      -   )  +  (    -    )|,    ,     ,    ]  .                                                                                                        (2.4)
                     (                                         
         

    The min-expected profit linearly depends on the trading probabilities,  and . Buying or selling the asset is preferred and played
with positive probability only if it is at least as good as the other two actions. Thus, it is straightforward to see that the optimal

trading strategies stated in the following lemma.

Lemma 2.1. Let the set of public beliefs be  after history . For an informed trader who observes private signal , her optimal trading

strategies satisfy the following:

                                          ( )               {  0,  - ()          }
                                          
        (, , , )  0                            -    max                             ,

        (, , , )  0   - ()  max                             {          ( )       }
                                                                       
                                                               0,           -       .

Furthermore, if   , then the above conditions are reduced to

        (, , , )  0                       ( )   ,
                                          

        (, , , )  0  ()  .

Lemma 2.1 shows that ambiguity-averse traders decide to buy or sell depending on different beliefs. Whether to buy the asset

depends  on   the   worst      updated  belief     (  )  ,  while   selling  the  asset  is  determined               by  the  best  updated  belief  ( ).  Let    =  ( )=1  denote
                                                   

a trading strategy.

Our solution concept is similar to a perfect Bayesian equilibrium, which consists of a belief system and a strategy profile, and

defined as follows:

Definition 2.1 (Equilibrium). An equilibrium of the trading mechanism in the baseline model consists of a pricing rule , a trading
strategy , and a belief system  = ()=1 such that: (i) The belief system  is consistent w.r.t. the prior belief set 1, the pricing
rule , and the trading strategy ; that is, every    is obtained by Bayesian updating wherever possible, given (, , ) and
some prior belief 1  1. In every period ,  = 1, ... ,  , (ii) prices,  and , satisfy zero profit conditions (2.1) and (2.2) given the
belief system  and the trading strategy , and (iii) trading strategy  maximizes an informed trader's min-expected profit (2.4)
given the belief system  and prices,  and .

4 Here  = {( , )  [0, 1] × [0, 1]   +   1}, which is homeomorphic to a simplex in 3.
                                                                                                         370
Y. Chu                                                                                                                                  Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Note that the usual definition of belief consistency is extended to accommodate a system of belief sets. Given a pricing rule  and

a trading strategy   ,,a)ciosngsiivsteenn.tTbheelnie,fthsyestseemt ocfapnubbleiccobnelsiterfuscitnedpeinridoudctiv+e1lyisasfo+l1lo=w{s:S+u1p=poPsre,th,at(th=e1s|et+1) |of  publi}c  beliefs
and +1 = (, ,                                                                                                                                                                 ,      where

Pr,, (|) is the probability conditional on event  given a pricing rule , a trading strategy , and a prior belief . We will discuss

the belief updating in more depth in Section 2.3.

2.2. Equilibrium trading strategy and prices

    In this subsection, we consider an equilibrium (, , ) and derive the necessary conditions for the trading strategy and compute

the prices in the equilibrium. Let us fix a history  and its corresponding public belief . The first lemma in the following shows
that an informed trader must neither buy upon a bad signal nor sell upon a good signal.5 To see it, suppose that an informed trader
buys the asset when seeing a bad signal. It must be that   (0) by Lemma 2.1. If it is the case, an informed trader must also buy the
asset when seeing a good signal. Thus,  = 1 is a signal that indicates a higher likelihood of  = 1 than an informed trader's signal
 = 0. Then the zero profit condition (2.1) implies that  > (0), which is a contradiction since (0)  (0).

Lemma 2.2. In any equilibrium, if the market maker posts prices,  and , satisfying zero profit conditions, then it must hold that
        (, , , 0) = 0, (, , , 1)  0,
         (, , , 0)  0, (, , , 1) = 0.

    By Lemma 2.2, we can primarily analyze an informed trader's probabilities of buying upon a good signal, (, , , 1), and
selling upon a bad signal, (, , , 0), henceforth simply denoted as  and . It is worth noting that in the absence of ambiguity,
we could derive a stronger result: informed traders would always trade after observing their signals, i.e.,  =  = 1. However, as the
subsequent analysis will show, with ambiguity aversion the informed trader's decisions depend on the set of public beliefs and mixed

strategies can arise in equilibrium.

    It turns out that an informed trader's decision is characterized by the set of public beliefs. Let a set  of public beliefs be given,
and recall the best belief  = max  and worst belief  = min . We propose that  = (1 - )(1 - ) measures the level
of ambiguity in the public belief, which is a measure of the discrepancy between best and worst beliefs. Moreover, we define two
thresholds, () and (), depending on the signal accuracy, as follows:

        () =             1 -  +    and  () =         1          ,
               1 -          +                           -

where  = (1 - )3. Note that () < () since 1-++ < 1.
    The following proposition shows that there are three patterns of an informed trader's trading strategy depending on the level of

ambiguity: If the level of ambiguity is low, an informed trader trades with certainty. If the level of ambiguity is high, an informed

trader never trades. However, when the level of ambiguity is moderate, an informed trader mixes between trading and non-trading.

Proposition 2.1. In any equilibrium, given a history  and the set  of public beliefs, the following holds:

(i) An informed trader trades with certainty, i.e.,  =  = 1, if and only if   (); in this case, ask and bid prices, respectively, are
     =  and  =  where

               =     (   +   )   ( + )       -    +   )  ,                                                                                                                               (2.5)
                                + (1 - )(1                                                                                                                                               (2.6)

               =     (1  -    (1   -   + )        +   )    .
                              + )  +  (1 - )(

(ii) There exists a unique   (0, 1) such that an informed trader trades with probability , i.e.,  =  = , if and only if

             () <  < ();                                                                                                                                                                 (2.7)

      in this case, ask and bid prices are  = (1) and  = (0), respectively.
(iii) An informed trader does not trade, i.e.,  =  = 0, if and only if   (); in this case, ask and bid prices are  =  and  = ,

      respectively.

Note that, if there is no ambiguity, informed traders always trade, which is a special case of part (i) in the proposition. If  is a

singleton, i.e., no ambiguity, implies that  = 1. However, () is greater than one. Thus, part (i) indicates that ambiguity has no
                                                                                                                                                                                    (1)
substantial  effect  on  traders'  behavior  when  it  is   sufficiently  small.  In                          fact,  the  inequality      ()  is  equivalent  to  that      both           

5 Lemma 2.2 directly follows Theorem 3.2 in Section 3.1.
                                                                                                         371
Y. Chu                                                                                                                       Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

and (0)   hold, where the prices  and  satisfy the zero profit conditions given that an informed trader buys the asset upon a
good signal and sells the asset upon a bad signal.

    However, when the level of ambiguity surpasses the threshold (), ambiguity takes effect. Suppose, for contradiction, that an
informed trader still buys with certainty in this case. Expecting that, the market maker would post an ask price  as defined in

equation (2.5). However, the level of ambiguity is too high for an informed trader to buy; in fact, inequality (2.7) is equivalent to

 < (1) <  .6 Knowing that an informed trader will not buy the asset with an ask price  , the market maker has to lower the ask
                                                                                                                                      (1)
price,  equating    it  with  an     informed    trader's       reservation      price  conditional  on   a  good  signal,   i.e.,         .

   Thus, an informed trade is indifferent between buying and no-trade upon a good signal and mixes between trading or not with

a trading probability   (0, 1).7 Then the observed order  becomes a sufficiently noisy observation of traders' private information
so that the market maker breaks even by posting an ask price exactly equal to (1). Moreover, as the level of ambiguity increases,

an informed trader's reservation price decreases; hence, she reduces the probability of buying, and it makes trading orders noisier.

Corollary 2.1 summarizes this result.

Corollary 2.1. Consider a history  and the set  of public beliefs such that inequality (2.7) holds, i.e., part (ii) of Proposition 2.1. Then,
the trading probability  strictly decreases with the level of ambiguity .

    If the level of ambiguity gets even higher and surpasses the threshold (), an informed trader's trading probability hits the zero
lower bound. The market maker cannot post an ask price lower than  and a bid price higher than ; otherwise, it makes losses by
trading with noise traders. However, the lowest ask price and the highest bid price the market maker can post fall into the no-trade
region of an informed trader.8 An informed trader finds it never optimal to trade under this situation. All the buy and sell orders

come from noise traders and convey no information about informed traders' private signals. Consequently, the market maker posts

prices relying only on public beliefs.

    The informed traders do not trade when ambiguity is sufficiently high, which is reminiscent of the no-trade result or portfolio

inertia under ambiguity when prices are exogenous (Dow and da Costa Werlang, 1992). However, prices are endogenously determined

in our sequential trading mechanism. When there is only a little ambiguity, the market maker can set a sufficiently large ask­bid

spread beyond the no-trade region so that an informed trader is willing to (partially) reveal the private information. However, the
market maker fails to do so when ambiguity is too high: By posting an ask price equal to (1) (or lower), the expected loss from
informed traders cannot be compensated by the profit from noise traders in the market maker's worst belief. Hence, the market

maker sets an ask (bid) price that breaks even with noise traders and is higher than (lower) than an informed trader's reservation

price to buy (sell).

    Note that, with the ambiguity-averse market maker, the ask­bid spreads must be strictly positive. In the cases where informed
traders trade with positive probabilities, each order  is a noisy observation of an informed trader's private signal. A buy order acts
as a good signal and a sell order as a bad signal. Thus, the ask price must be strictly higher than the bid price given the same prior

belief. Moreover, because of ambiguity aversion, the ask price is set according to the upper bound of the public beliefs, and the bid

price is set by the lower bound, which further enlarges the ask­bid spreads. In the case where informed traders do not trade, the set

of public beliefs must not be a singleton. The ask price is simply the best prior belief, and the bid price is the worst prior belief.
    How does ambiguity affect the ask­bid spread? To answer this question, consider two sets,  and , of public belief, and 

is said to be more ambiguous than  if   . This relation is consistent with the level of ambiguity. Let  and  be the level of
ambiguity in  and , respectively. Then that  is more ambiguous than  implies that  > . The following result shows that,
loosely speaking, the ask­bid spread increases with ambiguity.

Proposition  2.2.       Let  (         )  and  (, )         be  the  equilibrium  ask   and  bid  prices  as  described  in  Proposition      2.1  corresponding  to  the  beliefs
                              ,      
 and , respectively. If  is more ambiguous than , then  -  >  - .

    When the market maker is ambiguity-averse, it will push up the ask price and press down the bid price to compensate for its
aversion to ambiguity. The more ambiguity there is in the market, the larger the ask­bid spread is. Hence, the market maker's
ambiguity aversion reinforces the problem of adverse selection, and more uncertainty induces larger ask­bid spreads.

2.3. Belief updating and equilibrium

    To specify a consistent belief system, our analysis focuses only on equilibrium paths, i.e., the histories reachable in an equilibrium.
In equilibrium, the publicly observed trading orders  can also be considered as a public signal with conditional distributions

6 Inequality (2.7) is also equivalent to  < (0) < .
7 In our analysis, it is not the case that informed traders evaluate buying and selling with the same worst case belief and eliminate ambiguity through randomization

(Raiffa, 1961; Kuzmics, 2017). Instead, we consider that informed traders evaluate buying and selling under different worst case beliefs. Theoretical analysis shows

that randomization cannot eliminate the effect of ambiguity((Saito, 2015); Ke and Zhang, 2020), which is substantiated in some experiments (Oechssler and Roomets,
2015). In our model, when the level of ambiguity falls into (), () , the market maker posts an ask (bid) price that equates an informed trader's worst belief to
evaluate a buy (sell) transaction with a good (bad) signal. Therefore, informed traders are indifferent between buying (selling) and non-trading, of which mixing is

also optimal, when seeing a good (bad) signal.

8  The  inequality          ( )  is  equivalent  to    (1)      and  ( 0)     .
                                                       

                                                                                        372
Y. Chu                                                                              Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Pr(|, ).9 Let () = Pr(|,=1)Pr(|,=0) be the likelihood ratio function. In a history  on an equilibrium path, a public belief
+1 is obtained by Bayes rule given a prior belief    if and only if

          +1    =  1        (  )
        1 - +1        - 

for any   {-1, 0, 1}. Let a history  on an equilibrium path and the corresponding set  of public beliefs be given, and ask and

bid prices,  and , are as specified in Proposition 2.1. After the trading order  is observed, the set +1 of public beliefs in the

subsequent history +1 = (, , , ) on the equilibrium path can be characterized as follows:

              {        (0, 1) |||||         +1                  }
            = +1                          1 - +1        - 
        +1                                        =  1      ()     .

This characterization of a consistent belief system gives us the following result.

Proposition 2.3. In any equilibrium, for all the periods ,  = 1, ... ,  , the level of ambiguity remains the same, i.e.,  = 1, on the equilibrium
path.

    In the baseline model, it turns out that the level of ambiguity is constant along an equilibrium path. This result greatly helps us
characterize equilibrium outcomes, i.e., the trading strategies and pricing rules on equilibrium paths, in the baseline model. In any
equilibrium, the market maker's pricing rule and an informed trader's decision can always be described by one of the three possible
cases in Proposition 2.1. Then Proposition 2.4 follows Proposition 2.2 and 2.3 immediately.

Proposition 2.4. One of the following must hold in any equilibrium.

 (i) If 1  (), an informed trader trades with probability one, and ask and bid prices are  and  , respectively, as defined in equation
      (2.5) and (2.6) for all   1 on equilibrium path.

(ii) If () < 1 < (), an informed trader trades with probability   (0, 1), and ask and bid prices are (1) and (0), respectively, for all
        1 on equilibrium path.10

(iii) If 1  (), an informed trader never trades, and ask and bid prices are  and , respectively, for all   1 on equilibrium path.

    In the first two cases, where informed traders trade with positive probabilities, trading orders act as informative signals for the
market maker. Therefore, we can extend the Proposition 4 of Glosten and Milgrom (1985) and the Proposition 4 of Avery and Zemsky
(1998) when the ambiguity is sufficiently small. When 1 < (), ask and bid prices converge to the true asset value as    almost
surely, and thus ask­bid spreads converge to zero. The set  of public beliefs also shrinks in the sense that  -  converges to zero
almost surely.

    Fig. 2.1 and 2.2 plot two simulated equilibrium paths of case (i) and (ii), respectively. When informed traders trade certainly,
Fig. 2.1 shows that convergence is achieved fairly fast. It only takes several hundreds of periods to make the initial prices around 0.5
converge to the true asset value. However, it may take an extraordinarily long time to converge when informed traders mix between
trading and non-trading, even though convergence is predicted by theory. In the sample path depicted in Fig. 2.2, there is no signs
of convergence even after 1000 periods.

    In the third case, all the informed traders do not trade, and this decision is independent of her private signal. We call such a state
a noninformative trading regime: all the trading becomes uninformative. The state is observationally equivalent to an informational
cascade where social learning stops and information aggregation fails in the long run.11 The ask and bid prices are constant, and the
ask­bid spreads never converge. The study of Avery and Zemsky (1998) emphasizes a "price critique" on the possibility of information
aggregation failure in the sequential trading mechanism ŕ la Glosten and Milgrom (1985) without ambiguity: the competitive market
maker can adjust the price aligning with the public belief; therefore, traders' optimal response always partially reveals their private
signals. However, our result shows such a price critique can be overturned by introducing ambiguity aversion.

2.4. Ambiguity-neutral market maker

    In this subsection, we consider a variant model where the market maker is assumed to be ambiguity-neutral, in contrast to the
ambiguity-averse market maker analyzed thus far. We show that the results are qualitatively the same as the baseline model when the
market maker has different preferences towards ambiguity. Thus, our key findings in the baseline model are robust to the assumption
of the market maker's ambiguity preferences.

  9 Since that ask and bid prices are uniquely determined as in Proposition 2.1 if a history  and the corresponding set  of public beliefs are given, Pr(|, ) =
Pr(|, , , ) on equilibrium paths.
 10 We say that an informed trader trades with probability  if she buys with probability  upon a good signal and sells with probability  upon a bad signal.
 11 The traders' herding on no-trade in our model is not due to that agents' beliefs are overwhelmed by the public belief, as the informational cascade in Bikhchandani
et al. (1992). However, when informed traders herd on no-trade, their actions are uninformative and prevent further social learning as prescribed in an informational
cascade.

                                                                                                            373
Y. Chu                                                                                                                   Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

                              Fig. 2.1. Baseline model with the following parameters:  = 1,  = 0.5, 1 = 0.47, 1 = 0.53, and  = 0.6.

                                      Fig. 2.2. Baseline model with the following parameters:  = 1,  = 0.5, 1 = 0.46, 1 = 0.54, and  = 0.6.

    Specifically, the market maker's prior belief is 1  1. That is, the market maker is not ambiguous about the asset payoff and,
hence, not ambiguity-averse.12 Note that the sequence {} of the market maker's belief is also obtained by Bayes updating with
public history; therefore, it must be that the market maker's belief is contained in the set of public beliefs, i.e.,    in equilibrium.

12 Another way to consider an ambiguity-neutral market maker is to include a second-order distribution  over the set of beliefs, and the market maker uses the

average  belief    =      to  form  expectations.  However,  this  formulation  will lead  to  additional  analysis  of  updating  the  second-order  beliefs.  The  variant  model
                                                                                    374
Y. Chu                                                                                                                                                      Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

    In the variant model, informed traders still perceive ambiguity and they are averse to it. Their beliefs are around the market

maker's belief. Proposition 2.5 states an informed trader's optimal trading strategy, where her trading probabilities depend on two
measures of ambiguity defined as follows13:

          =  (1 - )   and    =  (1    -    )  .
             (1 - )             (1    -    )

Proposition 2.5. In any equilibrium of the variant model, given a history , the market maker's belief , and the set  of public beliefs,
the following holds:

(i) An informed trader buys (resp., sells) surely if and only if   () (resp.,   ()).
       oTAnhnleyirneiffeoxrmis(tesd)a<truandieq<ruesto(ps)t(o(r0eb,su1py).,((rreess(pp..),,<sell) <i(f0a,1n()d))o)snu. lcyhitfhatanin(fo)r(mreesdpt.r,ader                                                      ) if and
(ii)                                                                                                                                                        buys (resp.,  sells)  with  probability    (resp.,
(iii)                                                                                                                                                       ()).

    Note that the optimal trading strategy in the variant model exhibits a pattern similar to that of the baseline model: trading
probabilities decrease as ambiguity increases. Consequently, trading can still become uninformative even when the market maker
is ambiguity-neutral. The underlying intuition remains consistent with the baseline model: when ambiguity is sufficiently high, the
market maker would incur losses from trading with noise traders if they were to set the ask (bid) price at or below (above) the
reservation price of informed traders in order to encourage them to trade.14

3. Extensions of the baseline model

3.1. A general model

    This subsection presents a general model. The model has the same timeline and players as the baseline model. However, we

consider the following generalizations: 1) asset payoffs and signals can be drawn from arbitrary finite sets; 2) private signals can have

ambiguous distributions; 3) informed traders can be risk-averse.
    To be more specific, let   + be a finite (but non-singleton) set of possible values of the asset. Let ( ) denote all the probability

measures on the set  . In each period , agents can have a set  of probability measures, which is a closed and convex subset in
( ), to describe their ambiguity in the public beliefs.

    The general model extends the signal space and allows ambiguity in private signals. Let    be a finite (but non-singleton) set
of possible values of private signals and (|)   ×   [0, 1] be the conditional probability of signal; that is, (|) = Pr( = |)
is the probability of signal  =  conditional on that the true value is . Signals can also be ambiguous in the sense that informed
agents consider a set of conditional probabilities  , which is closed and convex. The set  is assumed to be constant over time.15

We impose that every condition(al p)robability of private signals considered by agents satisfies the monotone likelihood ratio property
(MLRP), which implies that Pr | first-order stochastically dominates (FOSD) Pr (|) if  > .

Assumption 1. Any conditional probability distribution    satisfies MLRP, i.e.,

        (|)    (|)    ,
        (|)    (|)

whenever    and   , with strict inequality if  > , or  > , or both.

    Moreover, the general model allows informed traders to be risk-averse. Specifically, their objective is to maximize the min-expected
utility as follows:

        max      min   ×  [     -  )  +  (       -  )|,  ,  ,    ]  ,                                                                                                                                           (3.1)
                           (                                   
              ,  ( )

where  is a von Neumann-Morgenstern (vNM) utility function, and we impose the following assumption.

in this subsection suffices to make the point that the market maker's ambiguity attitude does not affect the results of the baseline model substantially without the
complication of updating second-order beliefs.
 13 The proof is omitted since it is similar to the proof of Proposition 2.1. The presence of two separate ambiguity measures, compared to the single measure  in
the baseline model, stems from the heterogeneous beliefs between the ambiguity-neutral market maker and the ambiguity-averse informed traders. With a common
prior set, all agents share a single level of ambiguity . However, with heterogeneous prior sets, the market maker and informed traders uses different belief sets to
evaluate a transaction, which necessitates distinct measures of ambiguity for buy and sell orders.
 14 In fact, the results would be similar if we assume that only the market maker is ambiguity-averse but traders are ambiguity-neutral. The analysis and logic are also
similar. Therefore, our results regarding the possibility of mixed strategies and no-trade hold generally when either or both sides of the market are ambiguity-averse.
 15 This assumption can be justified by that the ambiguous signals are conditionally independent in the sense that they are epistemically independent (Couso et al.,
1999) conditional on value    of the asset. Loosely speaking, knowing the pa{st signals will not ch}ange the perceived set of conditional probabilities of future
signals. Moreover, the joint distribution of value  and signal  at period  is  =  ×     ,    .

                                                                                                            375
Y. Chu                                                                                                            Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Assumption 2.  is continuous, concave, and strictly increasing; and (0) = 0.

    In the general model, pricing rules, strategies, and beliefs are adapted to the extended payoff and signal spaces. The solution

concept is also similarly defined as the baseline model: pricing rules satisfy zero profit conditions and trading decisions are optimal

given the belief system, whereas the concept of belief consistency is extended in the general model. Here, it is required that a belief
system  is consistent w.r.t. 1,  , and (, ); that is, for any  > 1 and history , for any   (), there exists some 1  1 and
   such that  is updated by Bayes rule given 1, , and (, ) wherever possible.

    The first theorem asserts the existence of the equilibrium in the general model. In fact, the zero profit conditions implicitly
represent a fixed-point characterization of the equilibrium. Thus, the proof can be done by a fixed-point argument.16

Theorem 3.1. There exists an equilibrium (, , ) for the trading game.

    The next theorem characterizes the trading strategies in equilibrium. The signal set  is finite and non-singleton, so there exists

a minimum and a maximum element, which denoted by  = min  and  = max , respectively. The equilibrium trading strategies
are monotonic; that is, it can be described as such: there are two cutoff signals,    and   , with  < , and the active informed
traders will buy the asset if her private signal is at least  and sell the asset if her private signal is no more than , where the
determination of  and  depends on the set of common beliefs. In the case that  =  and  = , trading probabilities can be
always zero: informed traders do not trade, and social learning stops.

Theorem 3.2. In any equilibrium (, , ), given any history  on equilibrium path and prices (, ) = (), it must be that there exists
some ,    such that    <    and

                   = 0    <                                    = 1   < 
                          =  ,                                       =  .
(    ,  ,    ,  )     0   >                     (,    ,  ,  )    0   > 

                   = 1                                         = 0

    The general model allows further explore the implications of the effect ambiguity in a more general information structure than
the baseline model. In the following, Section 3.2 shows that ambiguity in signals can lead to information aggregation failure in the
long run with ambiguous signal accuracy, even though traders' actions are informative at the beginning. Section 3.3 considers that
private signals are asymmetric and shows that no-trade can be informative.

3.2. Ambiguous signal accuracy

    In an equilibrium of the baseline model, the level of ambiguity is constant over time on an equilibrium path. To overcome it,
we consider a model with ambiguous signal accuracy that extends the baseline model by introducing ambiguity into private signals.
Specifically, instead of a commonly known, unique signal accuracy , agents are uncertain about signal accuracy, and they consider
that

        Pr( = 1| = 1) = Pr( = 0| = 0) = ,

which can be any value in an interval  = [, ] with 12 <  <  < 1.
    Beliefs are updated by a full Bayesian rule, and it is done in a prior-by-prior and likelihood-by-likelihood manner in the model

with ambiguous signal accuracy. For a prior belief  and a signal accuracy , its posterior belief , given a realized signal  is
obtained by Bayes rule, i.e.,

                                if  = 1,
                                if  = 0.
 ,   =      +(1- )(1- )
        
                 (1- )
            (1- )+(1- )

For a set  of prior beliefs and a set  of signal accuracies, the{set of posterior belie}fs given a realized signal  is obtained by
updating each    with each signal accuracy   , i.e.,  = , ||  ,    .

Similar to the baseline model, the market maker posts prices satisfying the zero profit conditions. However, ambiguity aversion

makes the market maker pick the worst posterior belief against the trading direction. That is, given a history  and the corresponding
set  of public beliefs, ask and bid prices are set as follows:

  =    max           ,   [        =   ]    .
  =                  ,    |,      =  1,
       ,                 [
                          |,            ]
        min                          -1

       ,

16 The proof of the theorems in this subsection can be found in my thesis (Chu, 2018) or available upon request.
                                                                                                          376
Y. Chu                                                                                                    Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

An ambiguity-averse informed trader also trades based on the worst posterior belief against her trading direction. Therefore, an

informed  trader  decides  to  buy  (with  some  probability)  if  min 1  =    1,      and  to  sell  if  max 0  =  0 ,     .
                                                                               

To understand the effect of ambiguous signal accuracy, we can consider a 3-color urn: there are 90 balls in an urn with 30 being

red and the remaining 60 balls being either blue or green.17 Let  denote the lottery paying 1 if a blue or green ball is drawn,

zero otherwise. Without additional information, this lottery is risky but not ambiguous; the probability of winning is 2/3. Instead,

suppose that someone else first draws a ball and reveals that the ball is not green. This information serves as an ambiguous signal.18

Then, the lottery  becomes ambiguous, the probability of winning ranging from 0 to 2/3, conditional on the signal.
    Back to our model, the observed order  is a noisy observation of an informed trader's private signal from the public perspective.

Therefore, if a private signal has ambiguous accuracy, the observed order is also ambiguous, i.e., it does not have a unique conditional

distribution. Hence, even though there is no ambiguity in the public belief initially, observing an ambiguous trading order makes

posterior belief ambiguous. With a sequence of signals with ambiguous accuracy, ambiguity in public beliefs grows over time.

Proposition 3.1. Consider a model with ambiguous signal accuracy, in which the initial set 1 of public beliefs satisfies that 1 < ().
Then {}=1 is an increasing sequence on an equilibrium path, and it converges to () as    almost surely.

    Similar to the baseline model, the sufficient and necessary conditions for an informed trader to trade with positive probability
is  < () in the model with ambiguous signal accuracy.19 In this case, the order  is a noisy observation of ambiguous private
signals, making itself an ambiguous signal. Conversely, if   (), informed traders do not trade, and the order  is uninformative
about private signals. Thus, the market enters a state where social learning stops, and the set of public beliefs remains constant over
time.

    When  < (), the order  may contain ambiguous information about private signal accuracy. Hence, public beliefs suffer from
dilution: the ambiguity of private signal accuracy is injected into the set +1 of public beliefs through updating with . Consequently,
+1   with strict inequality if   0.20 Inductively, the level of ambiguity is an increasing sequence.

    Particularly, when the ambiguity is of a moderate level, i.e., () <  < (), an informed trader mixes between trading or not.
The higher the level of ambiguity, the smaller probability an informed trader trades with. The small trading probability chosen by
the informed trader makes the observed order slightly contaminated by the ambiguity in the private signal. Hence, it restricts the
incremental of ambiguity in the public beliefs, and the level of ambiguity never surpasses ().

    However, in the long run, the increasing sequence of the level of ambiguity converges to () almost surely. As the level of
ambiguity increases over time, an informed trader's trading probability decreases and converges to zero in the long run; that is, the
market gets arbitrarily close to a noninformative trading regime. The following corollary follows Proposition 3.1 immediately.

Corollary 3.1. Consider a model with ambiguous signal accuracy with an initial set 1 of public beliefs satisfying 1 < (). It converges to
a noninformative trading regime almost surely on an equilibrium path.

    Fig. 3.1 illustrates the dynamics of prices and beliefs in the model with ambiguous signal accuracy. Even with small ambiguity
( = 0.6 and  = 0.61) in the signal accuracy, we can see that after several hundred of periods, social learning is almost ceased, and
the beliefs and prices becomes almost flat.

3.3. Asymmetric signals

    If no-trade can result from an informed trader's rational decision, it can also convey information about an informed trader's
private signal. However, it is not the case in the baseline model where signals are assumed to be symmetric. To make no-trade
possibly informative, we breakdown the symmetry assumption in the baseline model and consider a model with asymmetric signals, in
which the assumption (2.3) is replaced by

        1 = Pr( = 1| = 1) > Pr( = 0| = 0) = 0,

with other assumptions in the baseline model unchanged.
    In the baseline model, an informed trader buys upon a good signal and sells upon a bad signal with the same trading probability .

It is a consequence of the symmetry assumption on signal accuracy. By introducing asymmetry, an informed trader's buy probability,
 and sell probability, , can be different.

Proposition 3.2. In an equilibrium of the model with asymmetric signals where 1 > 0, 0   <   1 if and only if                  (3.2)
        (0) <  < (1).

 17 This example can be also found in Ozdenoren and Peck (2008).
 18 The probability Pr(|) of the ball being not green, i.e., red or blue, conditional on the ball is blue or green ranges from 0 to 1.
 19 There are two cases when  < (). If   (), an informed trader would trade surely. If () <  < (), an informed trader would mix between trading and
non-trading.
 20 In the case that 1 = 0, the signal is uninformative to the market maker.

                                                                                                            377
Y. Chu                                                                                                           Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

                           Fig. 3.1. The model with ambiguous signal accuracy ( = 1, 1 = {0.5},  = 0.6,  = 0.61,  = 0.8).

Moreover, if observing order  = 0, public evaluation of the asset value decreases in the sense that +1   with +1 <  and +1 < .

The proof of Proposition 3.2 follows a similar approach as that of Proposition 2.1, and hence it is omitted. Instead, we discuss

several cases in terms of the ambiguity level, , with a fixed history  and a set  of public beliefs given. Before discussing the case
                                                                                                                                                        (1)
when    inequality  (3.2)  holds,  let  us  first  see  what  if  it  does  not.  If       (1),  the  level  of  ambiguity  is  so  high  that  both             and

(0)   hold. Similar to the baseline model, the market maker posts an ask price  and a bid price , and an informed trader finds

it optimal not to trade. It makes both buy probability and sell probability equal to zero.

    On the other hand, if the level of ambiguity is sufficiently low, i.e.,   (0), an informed trader trades with certainty as in
the baseline model; that is, her buy probability and sell probability are both equal to one. If buy probability and sell probability are

equal, the likelihood of observing  = 0 is also equal conditional on different true asset values. Then,  = 0 is not informative about
the true asset value.

However, ambiguity-averse informed traders may mix between trading or not when the level of ambiguity is moderate, which

can make no-trade informative when it is combined with asymmetry in signal accuracy. Consider different situations when inequality

(3.2) holds. If (0) <   (1), an informed trader with a good signal views that the level of ambiguity is small, while an informed
trader with a bad signal considers that the level of ambiguity is moderate. It follows that an informed trader buys the asset with

certainty upon a good signal while selling the asset with a probability less than one upon a bad signal.
    If (0)   < (1), it is the case that an informed trader with a good signal thinks that the level of ambiguity is moderate while

an informed trader with a bad signal feels that the level of ambiguity is large. It follows that an informed trader buys the asset with

a positive probability upon a good signal but never sells the asset upon a bad signal. Put it differently, it is likely that an informed

trader has seen a bad signal if there is no trade. Moreover, a sell order,  = -1, is not informative about the asset value since it must
come from a noise trader.

    If (0)  (1), it is possible that (0)    (1). There is an overlap of the two situations mentioned above, where an
informed trader buys the asset upon a good signal and never sells the asset. If (1) < (0), it can be the case that (1) <  < (0).
Then an informed trader mixes between trading or not whenever seeing a good or bad signal. However, since a bad signal is less

accurate than a good signal, the informed trader is more conservative in placing a sell order upon a bad signal than placing a buy

order upon a good signal. Thus, an informed trader's sell probability is strictly less than buy probability in this case.

To sum up, no-trade is more likely to result from a bad signal than a good signal when inequality (3.2) holds. Therefore, if no-trade

occurs, the valuation of the asset will decrease in the market: no news is bad news, given that a bad signal is less accurate than a

good one.

3.4. Continuous action spaces

    Besides the price critique, Chari and Kehoe (2004) also point out a continuous investment critique (Lee, 1993) on the possibility
of information aggregation failure. That is, the informational cascade disappears if agents' action spaces are continuous. Moreover,
Decamps and Lovo (2006) show that, with risk-averse traders, a "non-informative trade" can occur when prices are endogenous. In

                                                                                      378
Y. Chu                                                                                                                           Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

their model, discreteness in action spaces is a necessary condition. However, in our model, the non-informative trading regime with

ambiguity-averse agents is robustly attributed to the non-differentiability of the multiple prior preferences, and it can occur even

when traders have continuous action spaces.

  Let us consider a model with continuous action spaces; specifically, the baseline model is extended by allowing the informed traders

to buy or sell the risky asset at any amount up to one unit. An order  can take any value in the interval [-1, 1]. A positive number
indicates a buy order, and a negative number is a sell order. Moreover, a noise trader's order is randomly drawn from a continuous

distribution with support [-1, 1]. This assumption can be justified by the fact that noise traders have different demands for the asset.

Moreover, it also guarantees that an informed trader is indistinguishable from a noise trader. For simplicity, assume that a noise

trader's order is drawn from a uniform distribution. The market maker, besides posting prices, is also allowed to reject some trades.

We maintain other assumptions in the baseline model.

  Instead of solving all the possible equilibria, we aim to find an equilibrium where a non-informative trading may exist. For this

purpose, we construct a set of trading strategies and pricing rules that can be supported in equilibrium. That is, there exists a belief

system, along with which the trading strategies and pricing rules constitute an equilibrium.

  For an informed trader, we conjecture that their optimal trading decisions have a similar pattern as those in the baseline model.

If the level of ambiguity is low, she trades with certainty; if the level of ambiguity is moderate, she mixes between trading and

non-trading; if the level of ambiguity is high, she does not trade at all. Moreover, it is reasonable to expect the prices posted by the

market maker to make an informed trader trade with random order size to mimic a noise trader. If an informed trader always places

an order with a fixed size, the market maker can distinguish them from noise traders.

  To further understand how the market maker sets prices, let us focus on the intuition of setting an ask price in the following.

Consider    that the level of ambiguity is sufficiently low, and                          suppose  mthaaxtaninfor m[e|dt,rad>er0m] fuosrtepalcahceunaitboufythoerdaesrseutptooncoangfooromd
signal. If  the market maker accepts trade of any size, ask price                         must be

hwiigthhetrhethzaenromparxofit co ndit[io|ns.,Ho >we0v]e. rT, hthues,loawn  level of ambiguity implies that an informed          trader's      worst        belief    (1)  can  be  strictly
                                                                            informed trader will always place an order           of size                              

                                                                                                                                               one to maximize her expected

profit. If it is the case, such an adverse selection allows the market maker to distinguish an informed trader from a noise trader.

  Nevertheless, the market maker can reject orders of size above a cutoff   [0, 1] to make it possible that ask price equal to an

informed trader's worst belief upon a good signal, and thus an informed trader trade with random size. Restricting the order size
forces the informed traders to place an order of size below . Moreover, by lowering the cutoff  of order size, it increases the

likelihood of that an acceptable buy order is placed by an informed trader given that an informed trader trades with certainty. Thus,

the market maker can increase the ask price (for orders of acceptable size) to match the worst belief of an informed trader upon a

good signal.

  When the level of ambiguity is moderate, informed traders trade with some probability   (0, 1). Suppose that informed traders

still trade with certainty given a moderate level of ambiguity. Then, to meet zero profit conditions, the ask price posted by the market

maker   would    be  strictly  higher  than  an  informed                   trader's  worst  belief  upon    seeing     a  good  signal,   i.e.,    (1)  .  However,       by  choosing  a
                                                                                                                                                    

probability  < 1, it reduces the informativeness of the signal {>0} to the market maker and makes the break-even ask price equal to
  (1)                                                                                                 (1) ,
       exactly.  However,  when  ambiguity       is  sufficiently           high      so  that               there  is  no  way  to  post  an  ask  price   to      make   an   informed

trader to trade while the market maker does not incur a loss. As the baseline model, the market maker simply posts an ask price equal

to  to guarantee zero profit from noise traders, and no informed traders want to trade.
    We verify that the above construction of trading strategies and pricing rule can be supported in equilibrium, and summarize this

result in Proposition 3.3. It also verifies that there exists an equilibrium where there can be a non-informative trading regime if

ambiguity is sufficiently high.

Proposition 3.3. Consider a model with a continuous action space with an initial set 1 of public beliefs.

 (i) If 1 < 1 < (), then the following can be supported in an equilibrium: (i.a) There exists a   (0, 1] such that the market maker
     rejects all trades of size above , and the ask and bid prices are (1) and (0), respectively, in each period   1. (i.b) There exists a
     probability   (0, 1] such that an informed trader trades with probability , and her trading size is drawn randomly from a uniform
     distribution with support [0, ].

(ii) If 1  (), then the following can be supported in an equilibrium: (ii.a) The market maker accepts all trades, and ask and bid prices
     are  and , respectively. (ii.b) An informed trader never trades.

    Therefore, the non-informative trading regime, which leads to failure of information aggregation, emerges when the ambiguity
is high, even though traders' action spaces are continuous. Such an information aggregation failure that arises from agents' multiple
prior preferences is robust to endogenous prices and continuous action spaces. As aforementioned, a no-trade region exists for traders
with multiple prior preferences due to the non-differentiability in their indifference curves. When ambiguity is sufficiently high, the
market maker wants a sufficiently large ask­bid spread to elicit informed traders to trade. However, its pricing cannot be competitive
in the market.

                                                                                                            379
Y. Chu                                                                         Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

4. Concluding remarks

    In this paper, we examine how ambiguity aversion affects sequential trading. Ambiguity-averse traders trade less with private
information when they face ambiguous information. They may avoid holding any uncertain asset if the ambiguity is too high. The
main contribution of the paper is to show that ambiguity aversion may cause information aggregation failure even with endogenous
prices and continuous actions spaces. In our model, the key reason for these results is attributed to the non-smoothness of the multiple
prior preferences. Therefore, we conjecture that the result can be extended to a broader class of ambiguity-averse preferences, for
example, Choquet expected utility model (Schmeidler, 1989) and -maxmin model (Ghirardato et al., 2004).21

    Our results hold for other model extensions, such as ambiguous signal accuracy, general finite signal and action spaces, and
continuous action spaces. We also find interesting results in these extensions. For example, when signals are ambiguous, trading
activities make public beliefs more ambiguous over time. This depends on a key property that full Bayesian updating widens the
posterior beliefs.22 Moreover, our model shows how no-trade can inform the market when ambiguity-averse traders may abstain. The
type of information conveyed by no-trade depends on signal accuracy. For example, if bad signals are less accurate than good signals,
informed traders with bad signals order less. Thus, no news is bad news for the market, and prices can drop when trading is inactive.

Declaration of competing interest

    The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to
influence the work reported in this paper.

Appendix A. Proofs

Proof of Proposition 2.1. We only prove the results regarding , and the proof of results regarding  is similar. We first show the

if sides of (i)­(iii).
    (i) Let the inequality   () hold. And suppose, for contradiction,  < 1. Then, there are two cases.
    Case (i.a):   (0, 1). In this case, by zero profit condition (2.1),

         =  (                  ( + )                     )  .
                         ) + (1 - )(1
                      +                        -    +

However, the fact that an informed trader mixes buying and not buying upon a good signal implies that  = (1), i.e.,

         =        +   (1         -   )      .
                          - )(1

Therefore, we obtain that

         =            1  -  +        .                                                                               (A.1)
               -          + 
            1     

Note that  < 1 implies that

1 -  +                    >  1 -  +      .                                                                           (A.2)
   +                            + 

Then, we obtain a contradiction that  > () from inequalities (A.1) and (A.2).
Case (i.b)  = 0. In this case, it must be that  =  since all buy orders come from noise traders. Moreover, by Lemma 2.1,  = 0
                 (1)
implies  that             .  Hence,  it  follows    that

        (1)      ().

Since () > (), we again obtain a contradiction that  > ().
    (ii) Let inequality (2.7) hold.
    Suppose, for contradiction,  = 1. In this case, we can explicitly compute ask price, which equals to  as defined in (2.5). Then,

for an informed trader optimally choosing  = 1, by Lemma 2.1, it follows that (1)   . It further implies that   (), which
contradicts with inequality (2.7).

    Suppose, for contradiction,  = 0. Following a similar argument as Case (i.b), it implies that   (), which contradicts with
inequality (2.7).

 21 In a more general class of ambiguity-averse preferences, the variational preferences, Maccheroni et al. (2006) show that the preferences are not smooth if their
ambiguity indices are not strictly convex.
 22 Our results in the model of ambiguous signal accuracy may not be true if belief updating follows a maximum likelihood rule (Gilboa and Schmeidler, 1993).
However, for other alternative approaches that are not as extreme as the maximum likelihood rule, for example, belief updating via a likelihood test (Epstein and
Schneider, 2007) or a relative maximum likelihood rule (Cheng, 2022), our results are still valid.

                                                                                                            380
Y. Chu                                                                                       Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

    Hence, we conclude that it must be that   (0, 1). Moreover, following the argument in Case (i.b), equation (A.1) must hold. Its
right-hand side strictly decreases with  with

        lim        1 -  +           =            > ,
             1 -      +                  1 - 
         0

        lim        1 -  +           =            1 -  +   < .
             1 -      +                  1 -        + 
         1

Thus, there must exist a unique   (0, 1) that makes equality (A.1) hold when  = . Moreover, Corollary 2.1 directly follows the
fact that right-hand side of equation (A.1) strictly decreases with .

    (iii) Let the inequality  > () hold. Suppose, for contradiction,  > 0.
    Case (iii.a):   (0, 1). Following a similar argument as Case (i.a), it implies that

          =          1 -  +         < (),
             1 -        + 

a contradiction.
    Case (iii.b):  = 1. Following a similar argument as Case (ii), it also implies that  < (), a contradiction.
    For only if sides of (i)­(iii), we simply reverse the above arguments. 

Proof of Proposition 2.2.           Let     =  [,  ]     and    =  []     be  given,  and    is more ambiguous than .  is more ambiguous
                                                                    , 

than  implies that

          =     (1    - )   >       =    (1  -   )    .
                 (1   -  )               (1  -   )

Moreover, let  and  be the corresponding t[rading] probability given  and .
    First, an equilibrium ask price, given  = ,  and , can be written explicitly by

          =     +  [     (     +    )    -    ]    ,
                         + (1  -    )(1     )

which strictly increases with  and . Moreover, by Corollary 2.1,  >  implies that   . Hence,

          =     +  [      (    + )       -    ]  
                         + (1  -  )(1       )

          >       [      ( + )               ]     = ,
                + 
                         + (1 - )(1 - ) 

where the inequality holds due to that  >  and   . It can be similarly shown that  < , and our desired result follows
immediately. 

Proof of Proposition 2.3. Fix an equilibrium and a history  on equilibrium path. For an arbitrary   , use  as short for ().

        +1 = max +1(, , , )

             =  max                   Pr(|,  = 1)                  =  0)
                         Pr(|,  = 1) + (1 - ) Pr(|, 
                 

             =                  Pr(|,  = 1)                   =    ;
                   Pr(|,  = 1) + (1 - ) Pr(|,                    0)

therefore,

          +1       =  1          .
        1 - +1           - 

Similarly,

          +1       =  1          .
        1 - +1           - 
                             

Hence,

          +1       1 - +1      =          1 -  ,
        1 - +1       +1             1 -     

and rest of the proof is done by mathematical induction. 

                                                                          381
Y. Chu                                                                                                                                Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Proof of Proposition 3.1. Consider an equilibrium in the model with ambiguous signal accuracy. First, we show that  is increasing
over time. Further consider a period  in a history  on equilibrium path. As a similar argument in the baseline model, given that
 < (1 - ), an informed trader's strategy must be that  =  =  for some   (0, 1]. Then, consider an extended likelihood

function (; ) as follows

                              +               if  = 1,
                          (1- ) +             if  = 0,
                                              if  = -1.
          (   ;  )  =  1

                          (1- ) +
                              +

By updating beliefs in a prior-by-prior and likelihood-by-likelihood manner,

          +1           =              max        (   ;  )  =  1              (  ;  ),
        1 - +1            1 -                                    - 
                                      

          +1           =                 min  (;        )  =  1              (  ;  ).
        1 - +1            1 -                                    - 
                                         

Therefore,

        +1    =     (;       )
                    (;       )

              =  (1        +               (1 - ) +              >         if       0,
                          - ) +                + 

whereas the +1 =  if  = 0.
    We next show that  < (1 - ) for all  = 1, 2, ..., on equilibrium path by mathematical induction. It is true when  = 1 by ours

assumption, and suppose that it is true for some  <  in a history  on equilibrium path. We show that +1 < (1 - ). If  = 0,

then max (;)min (;) = 1, and it follows immediately that +1 =  < (1 - ). Suppose that   0. First, note that, if   0,

        (; )                +                 (1  - ) +          
        (; )               - ) +                   + 
                    =  (1                                            .

Second, in equilibrium, given an informed trader's probability  of trading, it can be shown that

                       (1  - ) +           
                 -          + 
              1     

with  equality      hold  when                       1-+      .  By     the    above   argument,
                                              1-      +

        +1    =     (;       )
                    (;       )

                    (1 - ) +  
               1 -   +  < 1 -  ,

where the last inequality follows that (1-)++ < 1.
    Fix some  > 0, I claim that there exists some  <  such that  > (1 - ) -  if   0 for all  = 1, ... , . This is because 

is a strictly increasing sequence given   0 with supremum (1 - ). Then, we can show that for    large enough,

        Pr  (|||||  -  1       |||||  >   )   =  Pr  (     {         0,        }   <     )
                          -                           #                                

                                              =  (            )(                         )      (    -    +   (1 -        )-
                                                                   2(1 - )         +              1  3                 )
                                                 <                     3

                                                        (     )
                                                                2.
                                              

                                                 <

                                      ()                                                        (||||         ||||      )
                                                                                                                       
Note    that      <                           2      <   ,       so  we      have     =1    Pr         -  1-        >      <  ,  and  we  can  conclude  the  almost  sure  conver-

gence. 

                                                                                                     382
Y. Chu                                                                                                   Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Proof of Proposition 3.3. We simply construct a belief system consistent to the trading strategies and pricing rules specified in case
(i) and (ii), respectively, and show that they support the corresponding strategies and rules in equilibrium.

    Case (i): Consider a belief system consistent to the trading strategy and pricing rule specified in case (i), where beliefs are obtained

by prior-by-prior Bayesian updating on all histories reachable by the trading strategy and pricing rule. Applying a similar argument as

Proposition 2.3, we can show that  = 1 for all  > 1 if. We show that trading strategy and pricing rule satisfy equilibrium conditions
on all reachable histories given such a belief system.

    First, the optimality of informed traders' strategies is straightforward given that  = (1) and  = (0). Second, given that informed
traders' strategies, the market maker posts prices to meet zero profit conditions as follows:

           =  max           [     0  <          ]    ,
                             |,
               

           =                    ( + )                              ,
           =
              mi(n +[|)+,         (1 -       )  [(1  -  )  +    ]
                                  -                  ]
                                          < 0 ,

           =     [(1   -      [(1 - ) + ]                  +    )  ,
                            ) + ] + (1 - )(

where      =  (1 - )2 .     By  equating     (1)     and  ( 0)  with  max        [    0  <       ]  and  min               [    -             <   ]  respectively,
                                                                                  |,                                        |,                   0,

either of them yields that

           =  1        (1 - ) +           .                                                                                                              (A.3)
                 -         + 

  If

                (1 - ) +             <  1         ,
        1 -         +                        -

we can pick  = 1 and some   (0, 1] to make equation (A.3) hold. This is because, given  = 1, its right-hand side equals (1 - )
                               (1-)+
if  = 0, and it equals       1- +            if  = 1. If

        1  <     <          (1  - ) +     ,
                       -         + 
                    1     

we can pick some   (0, 1) and  = 1 to make equation (A.3) hold. This is because, given  = 1, its right-hand side equals to 1 < 
                                (1-)+
if  = 0 and equals          1-    +       if  = 1.

  Case (ii): Consider a belief system  = 1 for all   1. It is consistent to the trading strategy and pricing rule. In each reachable

history, the market maker learns nothing about the asset value since informed traders do not trade. Without informative signals,

prior-by-prior Bayesian updating yields an exactly same set of posteriors as the set of priors. Then,  = 1 > (1 - ) implies that
  (1)                  ( 0)
       >   =     and         <       =   .   It  justifies  the  optimality  of  an  informed  trader's  strategy.  Thus,  it  simply  set  prices   as  follows  to

meet zero profit conditions,

           =  max           [            ]   =   ,
           =                 |,         0    =   ,
                            [
                             |,          ]
              min                       0

               

since observed order  is not informative. 

Data availability

  No data was used for the research described in the article.

References

Avery, C., Zemsky, P., 1998. Multidimensional uncertainty and herd behavior in financial markets. Am. Econ. Rev., 724­748.
Baig, A.S., Butt, H.A., Haroon, O., Rizvi, S.A.R., 2021. Deaths, panic, lockdowns and US equity markets: the case of COVID-19 pandemic. Finance Res. Lett. 38, 101701.

     https://doi.org/10.1016/j.frl.2020.101701.
Banerjee, A.V., 1992. A simple model of herd behavior. Q. J. Econ., 797­817.
Ben-Rephael, A., Izhakian, Y.Y., 2020. Should I stay or should I go? Trading behavior under ambiguity. Technical Report, Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/

     abstract=3628757.
Bewley, T.F., 2002. Knightian decision theory. Part I. Decis. Econ. Finance 25, 79­110.
Bikhchandani, S., Hirshleifer, D., Welch, I., 1992. A theory of fads, fashion, custom, and cultural change as informational cascades. J. Polit. Econ., 992­1026.
Brunnermeier, M.K., 2009. Deciphering the liquidity and credit crunch 2007­2008. J. Econ. Perspect. 23, 77­100. https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.23.1.77.
Casadesus-Masanell, R., Klibanoff, P., Ozdenoren, E., 2000. Maxmin expected utility over savage acts with a set of priors. J. Econ. Theory 92, 35­65. https://doi.org/

     10.1006/jeth.1999.2630.
Chari, V.V., Kehoe, P.J., 2004. Financial crises as herds: overturning the critiques. J. Econ. Theory 119, 128­150.

                                                                                 383
Y. Chu       Games and Economic Behavior 148 (2024) 367­384

Chen, Z., Epstein, L., 2002. Ambiguity, risk, and asset returns in continuous time. Econometrica 70, 1403­1443.
Cheng, X., 2022. Relative maximum likelihood updating of ambiguous beliefs. J. Math. Econ. 99, 102587. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jmateco.2021.102587.
Cipriani, M., Guarino, A., 2008. Herd behavior and contagion in financial markets. B.E. J. Theor. Econ. 8.
Condie, S., Ganguli, J., 2011. Ambiguity and rational expectations equilibria. Rev. Econ. Stud. 78, 821­845. https://doi.org/10.1093/restud/rdq032.
Condie, S., Ganguli, J., 2017. The pricing effects of ambiguous private information. J. Econ. Theory 172, 512­557. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jet.2017.06.005.
Couso, I., Moral, S., Walley, P., 1999. Examples of independences for imprecise probabilities. In: Proceedings of 1st International Symposium on Imprecise Probabilities

     and Their Applications.
Decamps, J.P., Lovo, S., 2006. Informational cascades with endogenous prices: the role of risk aversion. J. Math. Econ. 42, 109­120.
Dimmock, S.G., Kouwenberg, R., Mitchell, O.S., Peijnenburg, K., 2016a. Ambiguity aversion and household portfolio choice puzzles: empirical evidence. J. Financ.

     Econ. 119, 559­577. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2016.01.003.
Dimmock, S.G., Kouwenberg, R., Wakker, P.P., 2016b. Ambiguity attitudes in a large representative sample. Manag. Sci. 62, 1363­1380. https://doi.org/10.1287/

     mnsc.2015.2198.
Dong, Z., Gu, Q., Han, X., 2010. Ambiguity aversion and rational herd behaviour. Appl. Financ. Econ. 20, 331­343. https://doi.org/10.1080/09603100903299675.
Dow, J., da Costa Werlang, S.R., 1992. Uncertainty aversion, risk aversion, and the optimal choice of portfolio. Econometrica, 197­204.
Easley, D., O'Hara, M., 2010. Liquidity and valuation in an uncertain world. J. Financ. Econ. 97, 1­11. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2010.03.004.
Ellsberg, D., 1961. Risk, ambiguity, and the savage axioms. Q. J. Econ., 643­669.
Epstein, L.G., Schneider, M., 2003. Recursive multiple-priors. J. Econ. Theory 113, 1­31.
Epstein, L.G., Schneider, M., 2007. Learning under ambiguity. Rev. Econ. Stud. 74, 1275­1303. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-937x.2007.00464.x.
Epstein, L.G., Schneider, M., 2010. Ambiguity and asset markets. Annu. Rev. Financ. Econ. 2, 315­346. https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-financial-120209-133940.
Epstein, L.G., Wang, T., 1994. Intertemporal asset pricing under Knightian uncertainty. Econometrica, 283­322.
Ford, J., Kelsey, D., Pang, W., 2013. Information and ambiguity: herd and contrarian behaviour in financial markets. Theory Decis. 75, 1­15.
Gao, G.P., Ma, Q., Ng, D.T., Wu, Y., 2022. The sound of silence: what do we know when insiders do not trade? Manag. Sci. 68, 4835­4857. https://doi.org/10.1287/

     mnsc.2021.4113.
Ghirardato, P., Maccheroni, F., Marinacci, M., 2004. Differentiating ambiguity and ambiguity attitude. J. Econ. Theory 118, 133­173. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jet.

     2003.12.004.
Gilboa, I., Schmeidler, D., 1989. Maxmin expected utility with non-unique prior. J. Math. Econ. 18, 141­153.
Gilboa, I., Schmeidler, D., 1993. Updating ambiguous beliefs. J. Econ. Theory 59, 33­49. https://doi.org/10.1006/jeth.1993.1003.
Glosten, L.R., Milgrom, P.R., 1985. Bid, ask and transaction prices in a specialist market with heterogeneously informed traders. J. Financ. Econ. 14, 71­100.
Guidolin, M., Rinaldi, F., 2012. Ambiguity in asset pricing and portfolio choice: a review of the literature. Theory Decis. 74, 183­217. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11238-

     012-9343-2.
Hong, C.Y., Li, F.W., 2018. The information content of sudden insider silence. J. Financ. Quant. Anal. 54, 1499­1538. https://doi.org/10.1017/s0022109018001059.
Illeditsch, P.K., 2011. Ambiguous information, portfolio inertia, and excess volatility. J. Finance 66, 2213­2247. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1540-6261.2011.01693.x.
Ju, N., Miao, J., 2012. Ambiguity, learning, and asset returns. Econometrica 80, 559­591.
Just, M., Echaust, K., 2020. Stock market returns, volatility, correlation and liquidity during the COVID-19 crisis: evidence from the Markov switching approach.

     Finance Res. Lett. 37, 101775. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.frl.2020.101775.
Ke, S., Zhang, Q., 2020. Randomization and ambiguity aversion. Econometrica 88, 1159­1195. https://doi.org/10.3982/ecta15182.
Kostopoulos, D., Meyer, S., Uhr, C., 2022. Ambiguity about volatility and investor behavior. J. Financ. Econ. 145, 277­296. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2021.

     07.004.
Kuzmics, C., 2017. Abraham Wald's complete class theorem and Knightian uncertainty. Games Econ. Behav. 104, 666­673. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.geb.2017.06.012.
Kyle, A.S., 1985. Continuous auctions and insider trading. Econometrica 53, 1315. https://doi.org/10.2307/1913210.
Lee, I.H., 1993. On the convergence of informational cascades. J. Econ. Theory 61, 395­411. https://doi.org/10.1006/jeth.1993.1074.
Lee, I.H., 1998. Market crashes and informational avalanches. Rev. Econ. Stud. 65, 741­759.
Maccheroni, F., Marinacci, M., Ruffino, D., 2013. Alpha as ambiguity: robust mean-variance portfolio analysis. Econometrica 81, 1075­1113. https://doi.org/10.

     3982/ecta9678.
Maccheroni, F., Marinacci, M., Rustichini, A., 2006. Ambiguity aversion, robustness, and the variational representation of preferences. Econometrica 74, 1447­1498.

     https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1468-0262.2006.00716.x.
de Meyer, B., Saley, H.M., 2003. On the strategic origin of Brownian motion in finance. Int. J. Game Theory 31, 285­319. https://doi.org/10.1007/s001820200120.
Mukerji, S., Tallon, J.M., 2001. Ambiguity aversion and incompleteness of financial markets. Rev. Econ. Stud. 68, 883­904.
Oechssler, J., Roomets, A., 2015. A test of mechanical ambiguity. J. Econ. Behav. Organ. 119, 153­162. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jebo.2015.08.004.
Ozdenoren, E., Peck, J., 2008. Ambiguity aversion, games against nature, and dynamic consistency. Games Econ. Behav. 62, 106­115. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.geb.

     2007.01.010.
Ozsoylev, H., Werner, J., 2011. Liquidity and asset prices in rational expectations equilibrium with ambiguous information. Econ. Theory 48, 469­491. https://

     doi.org/10.1007/s00199-011-0648-0.
Pires, C.P., 2002. A rule for updating ambiguous beliefs. Theory Decis. 53, 137­152. https://doi.org/10.1023/a:1021255808323.
Raiffa, H., 1961. Risk, ambiguity, and the savage axioms: comment. Q. J. Econ. 75, 690. https://doi.org/10.2307/1884326.
Rehse, D., Riordan, R., Rottke, N., Zietz, J., 2019. The effects of uncertainty on market liquidity: evidence from hurricane sandy. J. Financ. Econ. 134, 318­332.

     https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jfineco.2019.04.006.
Saito, K., 2015. Preferences for flexibility and randomization under uncertainty. Am. Econ. Rev. 105, 1246­1271. https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20131030.
Schmeidler, D., 1989. Subjective probability and expected utility without additivity. Econometrica 57, 571. https://doi.org/10.2307/1911053.
Scholes, M.S., 2000. Crisis and risk management. Am. Econ. Rev. 90, 17­21. https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.90.2.17.
Trojani, F., Vanini, P., 2002. A note on robustness in Merton's model of intertemporal consumption and portfolio choice. J. Econ. Dyn. Control 26, 423­435.

        384
